---
layout: post
title:  "Exist"
date:   May 2021
categories: "2021"
author: Lori Beltran
---

We are all here. Sitting down, facing the teacher and listening to the teacher.
Sometimes we “all” talk, or I guess we all talk but do we all listen to each other? The
feeling of being alone in a full room is not a new experience. It is my turn to have
attention. This is rare, avoiding it yet wanting the attention just doesn't make sense, but
yet, it still comes. Speaking with the vibrations coming through my mask to my
classmates is terrifying. The worry of being judged is real everyday. Although my voice
is small, I am still big. I am here. Sometimes we misunderstand and think we are not
heard in class, the feeling of not existing in your own world. Yet, there is always
someone listening. They can be just like you too. Not having the same attention doesn’t
mean you are less valued by. The loud and the bold seem to be more listened to but our
values are all the same. There is no value or a person that is worth more or less. All we
have is ourselves. Waiting for outside acceptance is not nothing compared to accepting
ourselves.

Being heard is less appreciated than it should be. Especially for the talkers, they
wouldn't have been able to be considered as a talker if it wasn’t for the rest of us
listening to them. Why do we listen and care more about the bolder ones than the more
quiet ones. We are all in the same room 5 days a week, observing each other and
learning new things. Whether it be from what we like and to other little ideas. We can
also tell and examine each other by the reactions we have in our everyday lives in
class. Encouraging the quiet can really help them come out and be more comfortable
with the rest of the class or group. Giving them a chance can really help them and you
learn more about each other and making new relationships on the way. Listen to the
people you don’t listen to. The quiet can have a big impact on your life or even the
world. How should we know if Einstein was quiet when we pay attention to him now
when he is big. He might have been another quiet kid in the class. You may miss their
great ideas and thoughts. Giving them a chance is always a great way to take because
even if it doesn’t make a difference in your life. It may make a difference in theirs, even
if you see it or not. We don’t have an excuse to not look for or try to bring them to us or
make them feel imparted with the rest. When we try it happens. They just need a little
boost to get to the level you are. You should always be heard. We are all here at the
exact moment for a reason. We all exist, and we are all here.
