---
layout: post
title:  "42"
date:   May 2021
categories: 2021 Winner
author: Tanner Heaton
description: "Third Place"
---

42\. The number printed on my back every basketball and Frisbee game my senior year,
it’s also the answer to life, the Universe and everything, according to Hitchhiker's Guide To The
Galaxy. Let me explain, there’s a planet whose inhabitants are so advanced and intelligent, they
created the ultimate computer, able to answer any question. So they asked, what is the answer to
life, the universe, and everything? To these massive questions, the computer responded it would
need a couple million years to answer. So they waited, generation after generation passed until
the computer finally calculated the answer. The answer was 42.

Obviously nobody understood the answer. The point is, when answers are given to us
externally we don't always do the work or discovery to understand them internally.

I initially approached my classes thinking only about answers, and what methods I could
use to receive the “right” ones. I used Google for my assignments, and received similarly how
the machine responded to the inhabitants. An answer I didn’t understand, one just to get the
grade. I did minimal work, went to school for my daily dose of answers, everyday the same
routine.

I’ve changed, not because I give better answers, but rather because I have more
questions.

Beginning Sophomore year, I sat in the back of my Socratic 10 classroom, disinterested.
After the first hour, I had what I needed. Next period! Having Ms. Smith constantly urge me to
participate in Socratic discussions was exhausting. Didn’t she get it? I knew the book and the
historical facts. One day I determined to end it, to prove there wasn’t a need for socratic
discussion. I was winning, or so I thought. I brought certainty to the questions she asked, I was
so confident, that I actually shared with the class for once. I wanted to prove the questions Ms.
Smith was asking were obvious. Why didn’t other students see that? The discussion was an
awkward verbal volleyball game. I had answers, and when others questioned them, I justified,
using whatever methods I could. Why was I the only one who understood? Or was I? I took a
major step back to self-reflect. I couldn’t tell Ms. Smith how useless the discussion was, because
it wasn’t! It was useful! How could this happen? I was right, wasn’t I? I thought about it more
and more as the day went on.

What happened that day was a personal birth of questioning, and one massive hit to my
ego. I found out that every answer in my life had another question behind it. If there are no
questions about our societal governments, religions, and institutions, wouldn’t everyone be
supporting them? That class had me wondering if this was the same situation and if so, did I
really understand what I believe?

My Maeser education wasn’t about learning society’s answers, but understanding
society’s questions. The questions we find on homework train us to look at society’s questions.
Understanding the questions that are given on tests is arguably the most important part of doing
well on them. Classes I came to appreciate the most were those that left me with more questions
than answers. Specifically, how is this applicable to everyday life? Why was this course
important to take? Why have these concepts shifted the world?

Every answer gave me more questions to explore. THIS is true education - personal
exploration and discovery! When you truly wonder how to solve 94 = 2x+10 in the classroom,
you can truly wonder how to solve world hunger outside the classroom. That’s the Maeser way
of learning.

This all leads to the big question: what's the answer to life, the universe, and everything?
Why should these questions be asked personally? I’ve found the essence of a question isn’t about
closing something, but about opening something, discovery. The inhabitants opened their Hamlet
book and skipped to the end, trying to disclose their curiosities about it and move on.
During my early years at Maeser I asked far too many questions that only dealt with
grades, tests, and basic answers, (one of my biggest regrets). But I learned how to ask questions
that opened up to new possibilities, discoveries, and more questions. Not just any questions, but
the kind that lead me toward understanding myself, and the world. The answer isn't 42, but
you're going to have to figure that out for yourself.
